# OurFoodChain Bot

OurFoodChain Bot is a bot for the OurFoodChain Discord server. It acts as a queryable encyclopedia of user-submitted species.

## Getting started

After cloning the repository and compiling the bot, you can configure the bot by modifying the `config.json` file and placing it next to the compiled executable. The configuration file contains the following fields:

`bot_admin_user_ids`: Place Discord user IDs here to give those users full privileges, enabling them to use any privileged command. Separate multiple user IDs with commas.*

`mod_role_ids`: Place Discord role IDs here give users with those roles moderator privileges. This allows them to add and modify species, among other things. Separate multiple role IDs with commas.*

`playing`: The text shown as the bot's "Playing" status.

`prefix`: The bot's command prefix.

`scratch_channel`: The channel used in the `scratch_server` for temporary image uploads (e.g., for GIFs generated by the `gotchi` commands).

`scratch_server`: The server in which the `scratch_channel` is located. This can be the same server the bot is running in, or a different one. If no `scratch_server` is specified, some commands will not work properly (e.g., `gotchi` commands).

`token`: This is where you place your bot's [token](https://discordapp.com/developers/applications/).

\* If no admin users or moderator roles are provided in the configuration file, all users will be able to use all commands.

After everything has been configured, you can add the bot to your server by navigating to `https://discordapp.com/oauth2/authorize?&client_id={CLIENT_ID}&scope=bot&permissions=0`, where `{CLIENT_ID}` is your Client ID from Discord's [Developer Portal](https://discordapp.com/developers/).